<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Release Notes</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Release Notes</h1>

    <h2>1.24 (2016-10-04)</h2>
    <p>This release includes the following updates:</p>
    <ul>
      <li style="list-style:square">Fix <a target="_blank" 
      href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ets-gml32/issues/21">issue #21</a>: 
      Check child gml:posList, gml:pos elements for CRS reference</li>
      <li style="list-style:square">Updated dependencies: ets-common-8, geomatics-geotk-1.13</li>
    </ul>

    <h2>1.23 (2016-02-04)</h2>
    <p>This maintenance release includes the following fixes:</p>
    <ul>
      <li style="list-style:square">Fix <a target="_blank" 
      href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ets-gml32/issues/20">issue #20</a>: 
      Check that surface geometry lies within valid area of CRS</li>
      <li style="list-style:square">Fix <a target="_blank" 
      href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ets-gml32/issues/19">issue #19</a>: 
      LineString in which srsName value is 'http' URI throws NullPointerException</li>
      <li style="list-style:square">Fix <a target="_blank" 
      href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ets-gml32/issues/18">issue #18</a>: 
      EPSG schema not created in Derby database</li>
      <li style="list-style:square">Use parent POM: ets-common-6</li>
    </ul>

    <h2>1.22 (2015-10-30)</h2>
    <p>This maintenance release includes the following fixes:</p>
    <ul>
      <li style="list-style:square">Update geomatics-geotk dependency to fix <a target="_blank" 
      href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ets-gml32/issues/16">issue #16</a>: 
      validSurfaceBoundary test method reports 'Polygon not closed'</li>
      <li style="list-style:square">Fix <a target="_blank" 
      href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ets-gml32/issues/13">issue #13</a>: 
      envelopeHasValidCRS fails if srsName is URL</li>
      <li style="list-style:square">Fix <a target="_blank" 
      href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ets-gml32/issues/8">issue #8</a>: 
      Unit test failures on OS X</li>
      <li style="list-style:square">Fix Javadoc errors when building with JDK 8 (doclint).</li>
    </ul>

    <h2>1.21 (2015-07-08)</h2>
    <p>This maintenance release includes the following changes:</p>
    <ul>
      <li style="list-style:square">Fix <a target="_blank" 
      href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ets-gml32/issues/11">issues/11</a>: 
      pointHasValidPosition - NullPointerException</li>
      <li style="list-style:square">In CTL output, report if all tests were skipped 
      (because some precondition was not satisfied)</li>
    </ul>

    <h2>1.20 (2015-04-14)</h2>
    <p>This release includes the following fixes and enhancements:</p>
    <ul>
      <li style="list-style:square">Fix <a target="_blank" 
      href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ets-gml32/issues/9">issues/9</a>: 
      Feature property type with choice compositor</li>
      <li style="list-style:square">Fix <a target="_blank" 
      href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ets-gml32/issues/3">issues/3</a>: 
      LineString geometry is ignored</li>
      <li style="list-style:square">Set configfailurepolicy = "continue" (TestNG suite)</li>
      <li style="list-style:square">Build an all-in-one binary package (*-aio.jar)</li>
    </ul>

    <h2>1.19 (2015-03-05)</h2>
    <ul>
      <li>Update to new version scheme</li>
      <li><a target="_blank" 
      href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ets-gml32/issues/8">issue 8 - junit test failures</a></li>
    </ul>

    <h2>3.2.1-r18 (2014-10-16)</h2>
    <p>This maintenance release includes the following changes:</p>
    <ul>
      <li style="list-style:square">Resolve GitHub <a target="_blank" 
      href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ets-gml32/issues/4">issue 4</a>.</li>
      <li style="list-style:square">Update site documentation.</li>
      <li style="list-style:square">Add brief description annotations to test methods.</li>
    </ul>

    <h2>3.2.1-r17 (2014-08-20)</h2>
    <p>This final release is deemed suitable for conformance certification; it 
    includes the following fixes:</p>
    <ul>
      <li style="list-style:square">Fix GitHub <a target="_blank" 
      href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ets-gml32/issues/2">issue 2</a>.</li>
      <li style="list-style:square">Fix GitHub <a target="_blank" 
      href="https://github.com/opengeospatial/ets-gml32/issues/1">issue 1</a>.</li>
      <li style="list-style:square">Update dependencies (ets-commmon-2).</li>
    </ul>

    <h2>3.2.1-r16 (2014-06-05)</h2>
    <p>This release includes the following changes:</p>
    <ul>
      <li style="list-style:square">Add timeout (60 s) to compileXMLSchema test.</li>
      <li style="list-style:square">Remove assertion requiring metadata property value to be in application namespace.</li>
      <li style="list-style:square">Modify POM for GitHub.</li>
      <li style="list-style:square">Add site content.</li>
      <li style="list-style:square">Change license to Apache License, Version 2.0.</li>
    </ul>

    <h2>3.2.1-r15 (2014-04-15)</h2>
    <p>This maintenance release includes the following updates:</p>
    <ul>
      <li style="list-style:square;">Add missing assertion regarding metadata property value (must be declared in application namespace).</li>
      <li style="list-style:square;">Add support for dereferencing shorthand pointers in GML properties (&#64;xlink:href attributes).</li>
      <li style="list-style:square;">Update documentation.</li>
      <li style="list-style:square;">Update dependencies (schema-utils, geomatics-geotk).</li>
    </ul>

    <h2>3.2.1-r14 (2014-03-04)</h2>
    <p>This release includes the following changes:</p>
    <ul>
      <li style="list-style:square">Modify unit tests to run without a network connection.</li>
    </ul>

    <h2>3.2.1-r13 (2014-01-30)</h2>
    <p>This release includes the following enhancements:</p>
    <ul>
      <li style="list-style:square">Added tests for gml:Polygon and gml:Surface geometries containing the following types of 
      surface patch: PolygonPatch, Triangle, Rectangle (in org.opengis.cite.iso19136.data.spatial.SurfaceTests).</li>
      <li style="list-style:square">Updated dependency: geomatics-geotk-1.5.</li>
    </ul>

    <h2>3.2.1-r12 (2013-12-04)</h2>
    <p>This release includes the following enhancements:</p>
    <ul>
      <li style="list-style:square">Added tests for gml:Curve geometries containing the following types of 
      curve segment: GeodesicString/Geodesic, ArcString/Arc/Circle, ArcByCenterPoint/CircleByCenterPoint.</li>
      <li style="list-style:square">Added tests for gml:CompositeCurve, gml:OrientableCurve.</li>
      <li style="list-style:square">Updated dependency: geomatics-geotk-1.4.</li>
    </ul>

    <h2>3.2.1-r11 (2013-11-14)</h2>
    <p>This release includes the following changes:</p>
    <ul>
      <li style="list-style:square">Updated dependency: geomatics-geotk.</li>
    </ul>

    <h2>3.2.1-r10 (2013-11-01)</h2>
    <p>This release includes the following enhancements:</p>
    <ul>
      <li style="list-style:square">Added CurveTests to validate essential aspects 
      of gml:Curve elements (containing LineStringSegment only).</li>
      <li style="list-style:square">Added PointTests to validate gml:Point elements 
      (including geometry elements in its substitution group).</li>
      <li style="list-style:square">Added EnvelopeTests to validate gml:Envelope elements.</li>
      <li style="list-style:square">Allow posting of GML document (form interface).</li>
    </ul>

    <h2>3.2.1-r9 (2013-09-19)</h2>
    <p>This is a maintenance release; it includes the following changes:</p>
    <ul>
      <li style="list-style:square">Write reporter output to test session directory when invoked via CTL script.</li>
    </ul>

    <h2>3.2.1-r8 (2013-08-23)</h2>
    <p>This is a maintenance release; it includes the following fixes:</p>
    <ul>
      <li style="list-style:square;">CITE-839: validateMembersOfObjectCollection().</li>
      <li style="list-style:square;">Updated documentation.</li>
    </ul>

    <h2>3.2.1-r7 (2013-07-24)</h2>
    <p>This is a maintenance release; it includes the following fixes:</p>
    <ul>
      <li style="list-style:square;">CITE-840 (findGeometryComponents misses geometry
        properties).</li>
    </ul>

    <h2>3.2.1-r6 (2013-07-19)</h2>
    <p>This is a maintenance release; it includes the following fixes:</p>
    <ul>
      <li style="list-style:square;">CITE-845 (Anonymous feature type definition not detected).</li>
    </ul>

    <h2>3.2.1-r5 (2013-07-15)</h2>
    <p>This is a maintenance release; it includes the following changes:</p>
    <ul>
      <li style="list-style:square;">CITE-826: Disable tests for lexical conventions</li>
      <li style="list-style:square;">CITE-825: Some schemas referenced in @xsi:schemaLocation are
        ignored</li>
      <li style="list-style:square;">Use XLink 1.1 schema (internal catalog resolver)</li>
      <li style="list-style:square;">Updated dependencies: schema-utils-1.2</li>
    </ul>

    <h2>3.2.1-r4 (2013-07-04)</h2>
    <p>This maintenance release includes the following changes:</p>
    <ul>
      <li style="list-style:square;">Updated dependencies: teamengine-spi-4.0,
        jersey-client-1.17.1</li>
      <li style="list-style:square;">Don't clear reporter output in
        SuiteFixtureListener#onFinish()</li>
    </ul>
  </body>
</html>
